Segment native destination docs (#1139)
avohq/docs: pages/inspector/connect-inspector-to-segment.mdx

> # Send data from Segment to Avo Inspector (Native Destination)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Send data from Segment to Avo Inspector
```

Reviewer: We already say "Segment destination" right below

## Use Avo Inspector as a Segment destination

> If you are already sending your data to Segment you can stream it to Avo Inspector without adding any code to your codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stream your event schemas to Segment to Avo Inspector without adding any code to your codebase.
```

Author: this should be "Stream your event schemas from Segment..." right? ill accept this and modify

> You'll need to create a Segment native Destination powered by their Segment Actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You will need to create a connection between your source and the destination **for each environment you use** (`Dev | Staging | Prod`)

Reviewer: Suggestion – put this in the blue info box with the lightbulb.

> > The Data should be visible in Avo within couple of seconds, in rare cases it can take up to 2 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Guide to connect Segment and Avo Inspector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Step 1. Set up your Avo source

> An Avo Source is the first thing you need to connect your Segment data to Avo Inspector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A source in Avo is a code base where your events are sent from, for example your website, mobile application or server.

When setting up Inspector, you can select an existing Avo source or create a new one in the setup flow.
```
